---
layout: index
title: A deed is always returned
---
# A deed is always returned

Vaidji's house was in an old building. He lived in the back and opened a clinic in the front. His wife was in the habit of writing down the essentials of the day in a letter before opening the clinic. Vaidji would sit on his seat and first take the name of God and then open the letter .

Looking at the price of the things that the wife has written, then calculating it. Then praying to God that "O God! I have left your devotion only according to your command and am sitting here in the circle of worldliness." He never asked for a fee from any patient out of his own mouth. Some gave, some did not, but one thing was for sure, The vaid had enough money to buy the essentials of the day, then he did not take money for medicine from anyone, no matter how rich the patient was!

One day the vaid opened the clinic. Sitting on his seat, remembering God, He opened the letter with the necessary things to calculate the money and remained watching. After flour, dal and rice, the wife wrote that her daughter's wedding is on the 20th —— her dowry. After writing the price of the rest for a while, he wrote in front of the dowry, This work belongs to ****fate****.

One or two patients came. While they were given medicines, a luxorious car stopped in front of his clinic. The doctor paid special attention as many car owners used to come to him. Both patients took the medicine and left. A gentleman got out of the car and sat down on the seat. The doctor said that if you want to take medicine, come here on a stool to see the pulse and if you have to take it for someone else, describe the condition of the disease.

"Vaidji! You don't recognize me", he said ,"My name is Krishnalal. I came to your clinic before 15-16 years. Let me tell you about the last visit, then you will remember everything. When I first came here I did not come myself but God bless you
had mercy on me and he wanted to make my house green. It so happened that I got out of the car and stayed at my cousin's house and our car was punctured right in front of your hospital. The driver removed the wheel and took it for a puncture. You saw me standing by the car in the heat, so you came to me and pointed to the hospital to sit on a chair in the shade. I came and sat on the chair. The driver applied something more often.
A little baby was also standing near the table and was saying from time to time, Come on Baba! I'm hungry. You were telling him that son! Be patient, I'm coming. I was thinking that I have been sitting next to you for so long and you are not even going to eat because of me! I should buy some medicine so you don't have to sit down. I said, Vaidji! I have been doing business in England for the last 5-6 years. Married before moving to England but still deprived of child happiness. He was treated here and there in England but luck gave him nothing but despair.
You said, my brother! Do not despair of God. Remember that there is nothing lacking in his cell. Hope, wealth, honor, happiness are all in his hands. It is not in the hands of any doctor and it is not in any medicine. Everything that has to happen happens by the command of God. If Olad is a goddess, she is in debt. I remember you were talking and making padikis at the same time. All the medicine was divided into two parts and put in two envelopes and then he asked me how to use the medicine by writing my name on one envelope and my wife's name on the other.
I just took that medicine because I just wanted to give some money. But when I asked for money after taking the medicine, you said nothing. But at my insistence, you said, today's account is closed.
I said, I don't understand you! Meanwhile a man came there, he listened to our discussion and showed me that closing the account means that God has given him the amount of money that Vaidji asked from God for today's household expenses. They can't take extra money.

I was a little annoyed and a little embarrassed at how low my thoughts were and how great that naive doctor was. I went home and showed the medicine to my wife and when I told her everything, words came out of her mouth, she is not a human being but a deity and only the medicine given by her will cause us to fulfill our desires. Today we have two flowers in our house. We husband and wife are always praying for you. For so many years, the business did not take time to come and say two words of thanks to you. After so many years, I have come to India today and the car is only parked here.

Vaidji! Our family has settled in England. Only one of my widowed sisters lives in India with her daughter. Our niece's wedding is scheduled to take place on the 21st of this month. I don't know why, whenever my nephew used to buy some goods for his mother-in-law, your little daughter would also come in front of my eyes and I would buy everything twice. I knew your thoughts might not take those things but I thought the face that was appearing every time with my own niece But it is my nephew. I felt that God had given me the responsibility to pay for this niece's wedding."

Vaidji's eyes opened in surprise and he spoke in a very slow voice, "Krishnalalji! I don't understand what you are saying, what is this, return of my deeds? . Look at the list of the thing for what I had to collect money! And Vaidji opened the letter and thanked Krishnalalji. Everyone present was astonished to see that "Dowry goods" was written in front of, "This work belongs to **fate**!" Vaidji spoke in a trembling voice, Krishnalalji! Believe me, it has happened so far that my wife has written the requirement on the letter and the **fate** arranged it on the same day! Listening to you, it seems that you knew what my wife is going to write already. Wow ! I am really surprised for my **fate**. You are great, you are merciful.

Vaidji further said, thanks God for waking up in the morning, thank you for having a good day in the evening, and thank you for sleeping at night.
